It was a beautiful summer day in the small city that Mark had lived in for his entire life. It was quite calm and
peaceful. The only noticeable sounds in the ambient coming from the chirping of the birds outside and his neighbor
Jim's lawnmower, which he always took out every Saturday at twelve, as a faithful routine of his. The faint whistling
of Jim was mostly drowned out by the much louder lawnmower, but a bit of it still came through, along with the smell
of the recently cut grass. This monotonous soundscape was only broken momentarily by Jim changing directions or by a
stray car passing through the street.

Mark lay on the couch, bored out of his mind after another long week at work. His friends had canceled their beach
trip at the last moment, his beach bag on the table of his living room, alongside his car keys. It was a bummer, but
he couldn't do anything about it, since he refused to be the lonely loser at the beach all alone. After a good while
of doomscrolling, at least enough for Jim to finish mowing his lawn, he decided he was not spending his Saturday
lying on the couch all by himself. He got up with a big stretch, passed the prepared bag on his way out, and went for
a small walk.

The town was pretty calm that day. Few people were out on the streets, probably out on vacations, or enjoying the
nice weather in the nearby beach area, where most families and young people usually spent their weekends during the
summer months. The only people around seemed to be old couples, sitting around on their porches, and a congregation of
old women knitting and gossiping all together on a lawn. Eventually, though, Mark managed to find a interesting enough
lawn. What seemed to be the home of a pretty nuclear family had on display a pretty moderate yard sale, hosted under an
excessively large tree, that must've been on their land for at least a century.

It wasn't the biggest yard sale ever, but it was definitely pretty interesting. It wasn't just the usual worthless
trinkets lying around the foldable tables, but, instead, most of them seemed like interesting paintings, and antique
items. There were only two people rummaging through the sale, an old lady, who was looking through a pile of yellowed
and torn books in what seemed to be some Arabian language; and a 60-something-year-old man, who looked to be the
father of the family, and was unboxing a bunch of golden trinkets into a tray. The poor man was wheelchair-bound, and
Mark was a bit sad for the poor man's condition. A woman of around the same age, probably his wife, was looking at the
yard sale from the porch, with a relaxed happy expression on her slightly wrinkled face.

Most of the antiquities sold there seemed to come from all over the world. From very European-looking paintings,
with depictions of saints, virgins, and nobles, books written in all kinds of languages, from German to Slavic
tongues, and from all over the ages. It seemed like this family had a vast collection of antiquities they wanted
to get rid of, maybe before moving out? Maybe to pay for college for a kid? Who could know...

Mark was very intrigued by all these wares and rummaged through them. From historical flags tainted by time and use,
to artifacts of all kinds, the yard sale was full of interesting, and probably invaluable items. One such item did
call Mark's attention. Whilst inspecting a section full of golden goods, from ancient coins to golden, beetle-engraved
arrowheads of dubious bellicose utility, he found a peculiar object that called his attention. It wasn't his first time
finding an oil lamp; he had seen them before at flea markets and antiquities stores, which he had looked through in
other boredom-induced "walking weekends," as he oftentimes enjoyed jokingly calling them. But this one felt completely
different, even though it appeared very similar to the others.

The golden color was much purer than he had ever seen, and he would fully believe if they told him that the oil lamp
was made of almost pure gold, instead of the more affordable brass normally used. If that was the case, it must have
been a crucial item indeed, probably crafted in ancient times by a very skilled and well-paid craftsman... He was
curious to know more details regarding its origins, and, especially, the price tag attached to it. He cleared the dust
off of the lamp, slightly expecting a genie to come out, which sadly didn't happen, though it wasn't a dealbreaker
just yet.

He signaled to the old man and brought the lamp before him. He very kindly explained that all the wares on that table,
from the various coins, to the open box with a bow and arrow, including the oil lamp in Mark's hands, had come from his
career as an archeologist. During his travels to Egypt, he had found all of those wares, and more. Some he had kept,
others he had sold around to whoever would buy them. But, as he explained, he was now retired; after having suffered a
work-related accident that also left him unable to see from one of his eyes. Mark felt bad for the old man, though he
seemed pretty happy. Apparently, the reason he was holding this yard sale was to try and empty his house a bit. He
offered the lamp to Mark for a pretty fair price, for what he confirmed was full weight of gold. Mark didn't even
dare try to bargain with the poor man, even going as far as giving him a bit more of what he asked for if just because
he felt terrible for the poor old disabled man.

After a good walk back home, with the oil lamp in a small (and petty unfitting) grocery bag, he finally got home. He
put the bag on the living room table before putting away the car keys and the beach bag. He then directed all of his
attention towards the new purchase. Taking it out of the bad, he observed it. The lamp was so impressive it looked
almost magical. A few scratches here and there gave away the age and usage of such an item, but the surface still had
large areas that were completely untouched by any kind of blemish completely. No scratches, no dents, no spots. It was
quite a sight. The man stared at it like a gold-obsessed goblin, the shininess almost addictive, as if it were a piece
of art that the mind doesn't quite comprehend, yet your eyes can't look away from it.

He stared at it for quite a few minutes, just taking it in with almost all his senses, touching it, watching its
shininess, hearing the clanking sound it made when he tapped his nail against it lightly, and even smelling the faint
metal odor it gave off when held in his hands. After a good while of exploring the sensations of the lamp, he decided
to see if it would properly work. After all, these lamps were made to last. He searched for a flammable oil around his
home, causing quite the fuss, only to come with his hands basically empty of any appropriate fuel. He did find the
gasoline he used for his Zippo lighter, which, even though merely half full, would probably work fine for a quick test,
right?

So, he put down a string and filled a bit of the lamp with the gasoline. He closed the lid, and struck a match, lifting
it to the wick. It took five attempts, but he managed to get it lighted just fine after a while. It released a faint
light, and a not-so-faint gasoline odor that didn't take long to invade his nostrils, similar to turning on the engine
of an old gasoline car with a bad exhaust pipe. It wasn't that bad though, and Mark was entranced by the dancing flame
coming out from the oil lamp, even turning the light off, and just looking at its beauty, shining against the golden
reflective surface.

It was such a beautiful sight, and Mark felt so entranced, that he didn't even notice when the smoke, heavier and
denser than that of burning gasoline by several orders of magnitude, was pooling around on his floor. It created a very
dense haze, that pooled a few centimeters from the floor, like a really low black cloud, hovering there in place. As
the lamp burnt through the fuel, more and more smoke pooled, and, after only a slight bit over two minutes of Mark
staring aimlessly at the lamp, he finally noticed the thick cloud of smoke, that now covered up to his knees. The thick
smog had extended over what was most of his living room, effectively blocking out the man's view of the floor beneath
his feet.

He took a second to react, and then quickly panicked, realizing something was wrong, and extinguishing the flame with
his hand, grabbing the point of the wick between his index and his thumb. As the flame extinguished itself, a sort of
wave seemed to make all of smoke move. It looked still at a first glance, but a slightly panicked Mark soon realized
that the smoke was slowly but surely moving closer together, in the middle of his living room, where a spiral was
starting to whirl all the smoke into itself, seemingly compressing it. Mark didn't know how to react, and, with the
wick still in between his fingers, he was paralyzed in horror at the strange sights happening in front of him, like
if he was seeing some cheap smoke and mirror magic show at a fairground somewhere, and was stunned by the unexpected
tricks.

Eventually, though, the smoke started to take an almost human form, like some kind of gaseous pseudo-golem. Mark, still
unable to take control of his own muscles, trembled. His legs were shaking slightly yet uncontrollably, as the smoke
started to emit a faint silver glow that bounced against the black TV screen nearby. It was almost like a scene taken
out directly from a cheap film about magic and mysticism. He watched as the glow intensified, and, in a moment, it
became so bright that it illuminated everything, Mark's head moving away from it, and his eyes closing, purely on a
primal instinct, without which his eyes might have burnt from how powerful the white light was beaming into them.

When his vision finally came back to him, and the light left the room, a mild fog, seemingly cause by the dispersion of
the lamp's smog into the room, had crept its way to every corner of his vision field. He inhaled, and immediately
coughed, quickly running to the window, the taste of smoke mixed with vaporized gasoline everything but pleasant. He
opened the window without even thinking, and put his head out as the fog poured out onto the street down below. It
almost looked like as if something had exploded inside his house, since, from an outsider's perspective, a bright flash
of light was followed by his windows blackening and then a burst of thin smoke coming from his window as his coughing
head showed.

Luckily, no one on the neighbourhood had been looking out their windows at that moment, and the "explosion" hadn't
caused any audible noise, so no one batted their attention to him or his house. He waited a few minutes with his head
out of the window, so that the fog would clear. When it finally did clear enough to see through it, Mark looked
backwards, only to see a woman, unfitly dressed in a gown that covered all of her body, making her look like some kind
of victorian-era ghost bride. She was sustaining herself on the living room table, as she coughed like if she was having
a pneumonic attack.

Mark was stunned, his muscles locked in place as the smoke kept going outside. Who was this woman? When did she get into
his house? HOW did she get into his house? So many questions raced through his mind, as the woman got herself up and
shook the smoke residue off her gown with her hands, looking around, apparently somewhat confused. After looking around
a bit, she locked eyes with Mark, and his heart sank. Was this woman some kind of ghost? Her pale skin and deep blue
eyes staring right into his soul made him worry about his life. He wanted to shout for help, to jump out the window and
make a run for it. But he couldn't. He was locked in place, his own body a traitor to his intentions. His mind told him
to run yet no part of him was able to sum up the courage to do so.

After a few seconds of staring into his eyes, the confused woman talked, with a shooting, if almost monotone voice:
"Are you the man that lighted the lamp, good sir?" She asked, cordially. Even though her mannerisms seemed relaxed and
concealed, Mark couldn't stop that fear as he answered, "Y-yes", he said, stumbling to find the word for a second, and
being unable to formulate a more complex response out of his current fearful state of mind.

The woman looked around a bit more, before finally turning her gaze towards Mark. As soon as she did, she put one knee
to the floor and bowed, still at a distance from, but clearly for, him. "Thank you from freeing me from the lamp. To
thank you for your kindness, I will seek that your every wish comes true," she said, softly and calmly, looking at the
floor as she bowed.

The tension Mark had over himself didn't quite vanish, but his fear did in fact become much less pronounced, as the
realization of what was going on came over him. "A-are you a genie?", he asked the woman, moving his hands from the
window, yet refusing to come closer to the strange woman who stood beside his table, kneeling. She got up at his
question, and calmly explained. "I'm not, in fact, a genie. I'm rather what you would call a faerie, a spirit of
nature," the woman answered. "I can manipulate the world at your demand, though, same as a Djinn would. But I'm not
limited to a measly three times. For as long as I'm not dismissed, I will be your loyal servant, as to thank you for
my freedom."

Mark was completely stunned. Not out of fear this time, but out of pride and joy, mixed with a heavy supply of surprise.
In the end, the "stupid" thought of a genie living in the lamp was false, but it ended up being far better than a genie.
Infinite wishes from a personal servant with the powers of a god! He was so baffled, he just stared, his mouth agape.
The woman approached him, until she was barely a long step from him. "Master, are you ok?" She asked, looking at him.
That managed to end Mark's trance, as he shook his head in disbelief. "Y-yes. Yes! Are you really a magic being?" He
asked, still baffled. "Yes, master. I am indeed a being of magic."

The man couldn't believe his luck. He had just stumbled onto a magical wish well all for himself, and it had cost him
less than the gold value by weight of the recipient for said being. He couldn't even start to believe it. This was
awesome!